this character is one of the most
interesting and mysterious of this game
so here I present you 20 curiosities
of strange golden freddy golden
Freddy in the first game is a
golden freddy hallucination is the only
character that has gone from being a
hallucination to a character from the game the
which is fainá and sad felix 2 order freddy
is the only animatronic that does not have a
toy model when you leave golden freddy in your
game before you will see a poster of which
They must be a poster of freddy
it is said that he returned in freddie he only leaves
One night can be anybody but only
will be once in all the golden game
freddy is the only animatronic that
has its own night which is the
personalized night with difficulty
1987 in which you will get a picture of him
and you will close the golden freddy game that
in the first game is the only character
that do not have the skeletons
the real name of golden freddy is
fred olsen freddy was the only attraction
of the restaurant before called fred see
family dina in which someone would wear
the suit and entertained the children in the
restaurant one of the many theories
around him says that the fifth child
he's in that gold freddy suit other
theory says that the man the phone
was hidden in that suit by the
animatronics but with this new game
that is coming this one is discarding of
that is the true golden freddy what
they tried to make an animatronic or but
they could not and this is the reason why
which has wires in its body with the
Freddy is the only animatronic who
makes lose in order until fredys 2 with his
head as you write if by chance you
it looks golden freddy and you go to the
cameras and you come back again this
will not be with the freddy is the only
hallucination that we considered
character without it being before
that the second game came out in which
it is confirmed that he is a character goal of
Fred and measures half a body more than Freddy
original because if we measure the distance
of his head with the distance of the
freddy's eyes when he comes at night
they are almost the same but remember that
golden freddy who is sitting the sound
that goes out in goals of fredys ones of goal
of freddy is a laugh of a girl if you
does not modify the one of frei is the only
animatronic that emits a single sound or
it does not make you lose in the end it's alfred is 2
the golden freddy costume was worn by
the criminal to get the attention of
the children to then kill them
in the end there is salt fredys 2 if you had the
lucky to see for Freddy that is a
freddy purple this was freddy's goal
because if we zoom in we can see
the wires of your eyes and these are
identical to those of holden freddy and the
color is because maybe it was a mistake
of scott at the time of putting his color
Give me a big like whistle
liked to share it with everyone
follow me my social networks and subscribe
to this channel for more terror we must
hope you have sweet dreams
[Music]